This is a 55 y/o F hx HCV on IFN, cryoglobulinemia, dysphagia,    progressive neuromuscular weakness followed by neurology now s/p trach    after intubation for aspiration pneumonia and persistent difficulty    weaning from vent.    Respiratory failure, acute (not ARDS/[**Doctor Last Name 76**])    Assessment:    Recvd the pt on 40% trach collor,satting 95-100%,ronchorous breath    sounds,thick yellow secretions coming around the trach,    Action:    No further changes in fi02,trach care given MDI s by RT,suctioned as    needed.    Response:    Pt remains comfortable on current fio2.  Sats 100%.  Still with    moderate amt of secretions from trach.  No resp distress noted.    Plan:    Continue to monitor, suctioned prn    Myopathy, other (not of critical illness)    Assessment:    Known myopathy very restless and agitated,poor sleep,seems very    anxious,c/o  pain at trach site,now with severe eye infection.  As per    the family pt is a heavy smoker    Action:    Received ativan 1 mg x4 doses in this shift alsong with morphine 2 mg    x2,contd all eye drops/ointments as per opthal, A nicotine patch has    been applied.    Response:    Improvement noted  in the eyes,contd to have restlessness and pulling    out wires and tubes,pt has pulled out the mushroom cath x2 in this    shift,seems better after 0400am.    Plan:    Continue to monitor ,?increase the ativan dose or add a different drug    regimen.    Impaired Skin Integrity    Assessment:    Excoriated perineum,pt has pulled out the mushroom cath x2 in this    shift,contd have loose bm,    Action:    Skin protectant applied ,turned and respositioned q2h,    Response:    Pt cont to have restlessness which prevents the successful drainage of    the stool and infact lead to leaking,explained the pt but contd the    same behavior,reinserted mushroom cath , diaper in place.    Plan:    Cont local skin care,turn and reposition ,    T max 100.1 in this shift,urine cx sent,T current 97.8.    Tube feed on hold since MN ?nerve biopsy in am.    Received  15mmol k phos .    Hr 85-120,sbp 130-160,received ns fluid bolus 1000cc x2 in this shift.