60 y/o M  w/ an extensive PMH including R Hip hemiarthroplasty,    diverticulitis, Renal transplant 01, who presented to ED complaining    of worsening SOB x 2 days.  In the ED his vitals were significant for a    NBP 193/113, and profound insp/exp wheezes, he received several    abluterol/atrovent nebs, and was transferred to the M/SICU for further    management of a COPD exacerbation and hypertension.    Hypertension, benign    Assessment:    SBP 110 s to 170 s with HR 110 s to 120 s throughout shift. Pt. remains    on fentanyl 100mcg/kg and propofol 90mcg/kg for sedation/comfort.    Action:    Pt. given IV hydralazine q6hr along with drips as noted above. Pt.    bolused with 100mcg of fentanyl prior to nsg. care.    Response:    SBP remained labile throughout shift ranging from 110 s to 170    Remained tachycardic throughout shift.    Plan:    Continue to monitor patient hemodynamic status closely. Continue with    propofol, fentanyl and hydralazine as ordered. If pt. remains    hypertensive, may need to increase hydralazine dose.    Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD, Bronchitis, Emphysema)    with Acute Exacerbation    Assessment:    Pt. remains intubated and vented on PSV 40% 15/5 with sats at high 90    RR in 10 s. Breath sounds diminished throughout. Some wheezes noted but    clear with nebs. Pt. suctioned for copious amounts of thick green    sputum.    Action:    MDIs given as ordered. Mouth care q4hr and prn, suction as needed. Pt.    turned Q2h. Sputum sample collected and sent to lab.    Response:    Pt. remains stable on current vent settings. Ongoing respiratory    assessment.    Plan:    Continue to monitor resp status, wean vent as tolerated, meds ASDIR,    F/U with culture results.    Renal failure, acute (Acute renal failure, ARF)    Assessment:    Creatinine trending down. PM creat- 3.9, BUN 72, K-5.7. UOP about 30 to    50cc/hr    Action:    Renal biopsy done yesterday. All meds renally dosed. Cellcept    administered as ordered.  Prograf held d/t level. Will recheck level    with am labs as med adjusted to daily level. K-excelate x1 dose    given.    Response:    Pt. remains with elevated BUN/Creat, hyperkalemia.    Plan:    Continue to monitor renal functions, f/u renal recs. f/u biopsy    results. AM prograf level pending.